whether or not you goto graduate school really kind of depends on what
you want to dio. So, for instance, there are some jobs like my job
that you have tow have a doctoral degree in order to be able to do it.
So this is a kind of a prerequisite for this type of position is
you have to have a PhD. Um, but they're not that many jobs that have
those kinds of requirements. So graduate school really is an investment
of both your money and your time s. So I think it's really important
for students to kind of think about what it is they ultimately
want to be doing and then do some research and find out if the people
who are doing those things, what kind of degrees do they have? Because,
you know, maybe you don't need a PhD. Maybe you just need a master's
degree. Um, in which case, you probably be better off doing
a Masters program instead of opting for a PhD